

Project Description:
Source code for a streaming application/server with the following specs/requirements:

Prerequisites
1. No use of flash technologies
2. Existance of NGNX as a web-server (Apache as well, but NGNX is preferable)
3. Existance of Microsoft based third party apps, with which the application should be able to communicate or be interfaced with via web services
4. Streams output are to be made for windows desktop-pc and web browser as well
5. Commands given to a running stream, must not restart the whole streaming process, but dynamically alter the resulted output transparent to the final viewer


Open libraries/technologies to be related with or to be based on:
1. ffmpeg
2. gstreamer
3. other open source libraries not without a consultation with us and an formal acceptance.
4. HTTP, RTMP streaming protocols; HTML5 support, web services, xml etc

Project Requests:

1. capture stream from the webcam and show it to a desktop/browser(D/B) window (short notation from now on: D/B-W)
2. capture stream from the webcam, show it to D/B-W and with a click of a button put/remove an image as overlay with coordinates.
The overlay has to be made in both cases: on client-side and on the server side.
3. capture stream from the webcam and show it to D/B-W by duplicating the stream shown as follows:
3.1 side by side
3.2 top & bottom
3.3 overlayed with relative coordinates from each other
All the results are presented as a single output stream.
With a click of a button on the server side, one of the two should appear/dissapear on the fly, without discontinuing or restarting the stream all over.
4. capture stream from webcam and show it to D/B-W, but interrupt it x seconds and resume it afterwards - just by clicking a button on the server side
5. use an existing video (preferable short, a few secconds) as an insertion with automatic resume, in the middle of streaming the web cam to D/B-W

6. A stream capture from the webcam, should be available to record/save on the client side, from a certain point, up to a certain point (decided by the client)
